okay running a Bridgeport herrick easy
surf it's a hard 618 frame bridgeport TX
easy surf control try to do CRT assembly
it's running a surface program right now
a little bit of an oops in it it's going
to go it's going to grind off 990
thousands but it's been on for a while
now so as you can see tied down to seven
hundred thousands
the things intact here spindles actually
running can't even hear it
so I just quiet charming toy number
right here one point two nine three
eight
slides coming in
z-axis
I was going out
I'm not to see it but it's a one and a
half fourth power spindle
currently wired to 30 cooling system
that comes with the machine nice and
clean everything is intact floppy drive
in the back rs-232 in the back
okay I'm going to end this process here
ok reciprocate just straight-up
persisted k send it for two inches
16 inches
longer strokes go nice and quiet
for job
slides jogging around the z-axis
nice and quiet
Oh see Johnny
try the why
we'll wrap it up and down
you